Release Candidate v67.1.0 (#5430)
material-components/material-components-ios: CHANGELOG.md

# 67.1.0

> In this minor release we provide a shadow opacity reset toggle for Flexible Header, VoiceOver and rounded corners support for the Navigation Drawer, and lastly a bug fix regarding MDCShadowLayer with Corner Radius along with other bug fixes and unit tests improvements.

Reviewer: Tip: Looks like this line is really long? Should we limit to 80 chars?

## New features

### Flexible Header

> * Now with Flexible Header you can enables resetting the visible shadow opacity to 0 when setting trackingScrollView to 0 by setting the BOOL property `resetShadowAfterTrackingScrollViewIsReset`.

Reviewer: Is this correct, "setting trackingScrollView to 0"? Should this be "0" be "`nil`"?

> * Now with Flexible Header you can enables resetting the visible shadow opacity to 0 when setting trackingScrollView to 0 by setting the BOOL property `resetShadowAfterTrackingScrollViewIsReset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Flexible Header supports resetting the visible shadow opacity to 0...
```

### Navigation Drawer

> * When VoiceOver or Switch Control is turned on in your app, Navigation Drawer will now always show up in full screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When VoiceOver or Switch Control is turned on in your app, Navigation Drawer will always show up in full screen.
```

> * When VoiceOver or Switch Control is turned on in your app, Navigation Drawer will now always show up in full screen.

Reviewer: Is this correct? We make the drawer full screen even if the VC is only 100 points high?

Author: yes that's correct.

> * Navigation Drawer now has rounded corners when there is more scrollable content to scroll in the drawer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Navigation Drawer has rounded corners when there is more scrollable content to scroll in the drawer.
```
